##JIRA Versioning Changed

- Following the rollback of the JIRA rollout, all patches 1.0.X.Y+ have been
removed.  Further development and configuration will occur under the 0.2.X.Y
range.
- Closed alpha patches will occur under the 0.3.X.Y range.
- Open beta patches will occur under the 0.4.X.Y range.
- The 0.4.X.Y range will culminate in two prerelease patches, followed by a
go-live under the 1.X.Y.Z range.

----

##JIRA Service Desk Installed

- MCDI has acquired a license for JIRA Service Desk 3.2.2.  The module has been
enabled, but is not yet active in any projects.

----

##JIRA Core Updated

- JIRA Core has been updated from 7.2.2 to
[7.3.3](https://confluence.atlassian.com/jiracore/jira-core-7-3-x-release-notes-861242669.html) to ensure compatibility with
JIRA Software 7.2.6.

- For future reference- the latest installation binaries should be stored in
/home/jira/jira-binaries.

- The installation/upgrade process can be found
[here](https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver072/upgrading-jira-applications-using-a-rapid-upgrade-method-828787646.html#UpgradingJIRAapplicationsusingarapidupgrademethod-upgradingonlinux)).

-----

##Mcd-jira-prod Updated

- The JIRA server has been updated to include the latest security and stability
updates from Canonical.

-----

##Manual Backup Procedure Updated

- Once a backup system like [bacula](www.bacula.org) has been configured, the
outfiles can be fed into Storj by using the 'jira' user to trigger backupCore like so:

```java
>ruby mcd-prod-automation/backupCore.rb
```

Once the .coreConfig.yaml file has been configured with mappings to the backup
endpoints, no further steps will be required, and the shipping process will
occur silently.

- More information about the backupCore script can be found
[here](https://bitbucket.org/DaveahamLincoln/storjrb-backupcore).

- Eventually, instead of relying on the creation of bulky .tar files each time,
this process will be configured to consume and ship deltas for tracked
directories instead.

----
