##Prerelease Cycle Notice

- Release 0.1.6.0PR1 is the first prerelease patch prior to the 1.0.0.0 go-live release.  
- Future prerelease patches should be indicated by incrementing the PRn number by one for each patch that occurs during the prerelease cycle, and reset for each distinct major release.
- Once a prerelease cycle is initiated, outstanding feature requests and improvements are considered to be "on hold" pending the completion of the prerelease, major release, and subsequent revision cycle.
- Prerelease patches are intended to ensure system stability, compliance with governance standards, and maximize core functionality, rather than focusing on adding new features.
- By way of example, the current release timeline is as follows:
    - 0.1.6.0PR1 (12/20/2016) **Prerelease cycle, part 1/2**
    - 0.1.6.0PR2 (12/30/2016) **Prerelease cycle, part 2/2**
    - 1.0.0.0 (01/03/2016) **Major release**
    - 1.0.0.0R1 (01/06/2016) **Revision cycle, part 1/2**
    - 1.0.0.0R2 (01/13/2016) **Revision cycle, part 2/2**
    - 1.0.1.0 (01/20/2016) <--- **May include new features**

----

##BigPicture Plugin Disabled

- The [BigPicture](plugin_bigpicture) plugin has been disabled.
- The BigPicture plugin has been removed from the Core integration roadmap.
- Documentation for the BigPicture plugin has been moved to the "Disabled Plugins" section.

----

##BigTemplate Plugin Disabled

- The [BigTemplate](plugin_bigtemplate) plugin has been disabled.
- The BigTemplate plugin has been removed from the Core integration roadmap.
- Documentation for the BigTemplate plugin has been moved to the "Disabled Plugins" section.

-----

##Support Tools Plugin Updated to v3.9.16

- Performance improvement for the Confluence Internal Administrator health check
- Improvements to messages reported by health checks
- Various bug fixes
- [Read the full patch notes here.](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/com.atlassian.support.stp/server/overview)

-----

##Structure Plugin Updated to v3.4.0

- Structure 3.4 is a major release that adds quick transformations (a.k.a. quick filters), integration with Portfolio for JIRA and stable public API. It also has quite a few other updates, bug fixes, performance and stability improvements.

- Highlights:
    - Quick Transformations feature lets you associate custom filters and other transformations with a structure for quick access by the team.
    - Integration with Portfolio for JIRA add-on introduces support for Parent Link field via a grouper and an extender, which let you use Portfolio hierarchy in Structure.
    - Issue Details layout on the Structure tab on the Project page.
    - Grouping by text fields.
    - Performance improvements.
    - Stable public API.

-----

##Structure Plugin Core Integration Postponed

- In concert with The GSF project administrators, it has been determined that further testing is required prior to integrating the Structure plugin with the Core.
- Structure is now earmarked for rollout as part of the 1.0.1.0 release.
- [Read the full patch notes here.](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/com.stiltsoft.jira.smart-attachments/server/overview)

----

##Smart Attachments Updated to v1.14.1

- Improved the behavior and response of the Attach Files form for the correct selection of the category for file attaching.
- Corrected the behavior and resolved the markup issue when showing the documents created on the basis of archives.

----

##Data Injected to the EGBIMCP Project has been Archived

- All data injected into EGBIMCP as part of the [0.1.5.0 release](0150_12162016.md#egbimcp-injected-from-sharepoint) has been added to an archived version of the EGBIMCP project, which can be found [here](http://ec2-54-162-47-42.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/browse/EGBIMCP/fixforversion/10100).  
- Please note that all issues contained within the archived version *should not be utilized in any fashion.*
- Pending further testing, the archive may be removed entirely.

-----

##Maintenance Activities

- The JIRA index has been rebuilt.

----
