##ITWG Project Rollout
- The IT Working Group (ITWG) project has been rolled out.  Tasks relating to IT roadmapping, research, and development should be entered under this project.
- Edit and View rights for the ITWG project are currently restricted to members of the IT Working Group.  Users outside of the working group who require View rights should be manually added to the Read Only project role.

-----

##ITHD Push Notification Routing
- Fixed a bug that was causing push notifications from the ITHD project to be routed to all users in the jira-software-users group.  See [!JIRATEK-20](http://ec2-54-162-47-42.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/browse/JIRATEK-20) for more information.

-----

##Multi-Country Project Conventions
- Projects that operate in multiple countries should utilize the Component functionality within the project to create components for each country in which the project operates.  
- New projects *should not* be created for each distinct country.
- JIRA supports the assignment of multiple components to an issue, so Project Admins are free to assign additional components as they see fit.
- See [!JIRATEK-21](http://ec2-54-162-47-42.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/browse/JIRATEK-21) for more information.
- [!JIRATEK-22](http://ec2-54-162-47-42.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/browse/JIRATEK-22) is an example of implementing a proper country Component configuration scheme.

-----

##JIRATEK Access Permissions Change
- The jira-software-users group has been added to the Standard project role in the JIRATEK project.
- Users should log tickets relating to the operation and development of the JIRA system itself within the JIRATEK project.  
- See [!JIRATEK-23](http://ec2-54-162-47-42.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/browse/JIRATEK-23) for more information on this change.

-----

##Smart Attachments Updated to v1.14.0
- Now you can discuss individual attachments or attachment revisions in separate comment threads as it is possible in Confluence.
- Added validation of special symbols when renaming attachments in JIRA.
- Extended the set of events collected by Google Analytics.
- [Read the full patch notes here.](https://docs.stiltsoft.com/display/CATAT/Smart+Attachments+1.14.0)

-----

##Maintenance Activities
- The JIRA server has been updated.
- The JIRA index has been rebuilt.

-----
